Update `dvc plots` output. (#3110)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/show.md

## Options

> - `-o <path>, --out <path>` - destination directory of the `html` plot. By
>   default, `dvc_plots`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-o <path>, --out <path>` - specify a directory to write the HTML file
  containing the plots (`dvc_plots/` by default).
```

output the [Vega-Lite](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/) spec file instead of
rendering an HTML plot. For example, to generating another image format like PNG
or JPEG, or to include it differently into a web/mobile app. The `--show-vega`

> option prevents wrapping this plot spec in HTML. Note that the command will
> print the JSON in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option prevents wrapping this plot spec in HTML, printing the resulting JSON
to standard output instead:
```

```dvc

> $ dvc plots show --show-vega logs.csv -y accuracy > logs.csv.json
> $ cat logs.csv.json
> ```
> 
> ```json

Reviewer: This is fine but we could simplify to just:
````suggestion
$ dvc plots show --show-vega logs.csv -y accuracy
```

```json
````
Since the JSON is shown right under it (and to avoid `cat` which is Linux-specific). Or even merge the JSON block into the console sample. WDYT?
